Obiwan-4969: Update CodeStyle configuration (#36)
studyportals/CodeStyle: README.md

By extending from the linting config files in CodeStyle you are ensuring that you are using the same configuration as we use in our Super Linter configuration.

If you would like to use the configurations for the PHP and SCSS linters you would have to copy it from this projects source.

## Best practices
### Global variables

> When using a global variable in a different file than then one it was declare, Lint will complain. For instance, in this case:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a global variable are used in different files than they we're defined in, the linter will see it as an undefined variable. To solve this problem, you can define the global variables at the top of your file like so:
```

```javascript
/* global var1, var2, var3 */
```

>  To avoid this, make sure to configure it in your project to ignore that case.

Reviewer: To avoid this, you can also define your project's global variables in a custom configuration.
